districtRanks districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1577
rank 1
totalPoints 363
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 72.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 72.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 219.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1690
rank 2
totalPoints 362
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 73.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 73.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 216.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3339
rank 3
totalPoints 268
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 72.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 49.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 147.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1574
rank 4
totalPoints 254
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 54.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 35.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 165.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3075
rank 5
totalPoints 234
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 59.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 43.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 132.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5987
rank 6
totalPoints 215
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 73.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 52.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 90.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5715
rank 7
totalPoints 213
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 27.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 27.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 159.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 7067
rank 8
totalPoints 211
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 23.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 53.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 135.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 2630
rank 9
totalPoints 210
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 32.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 55.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 123.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 7845
rank 10
totalPoints 200
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 59.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 57.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 84.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 2096
rank 11
totalPoints 197
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 63.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 29.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 105.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1657
rank 12
totalPoints 173
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 37.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 28.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 108.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3316
rank 13
totalPoints 172
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 46.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 27.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 99.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5614
rank 14
totalPoints 167
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 30.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 50.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 87.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3065
rank 15
totalPoints 166
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 33.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 19.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 114.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3835
rank 16
totalPoints 151
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 24.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 52.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 75.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5654
rank 17
totalPoints 150
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 40.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 26.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 84.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4590
rank 18
totalPoints 148
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 42.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 55.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 51.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 7039
rank 19
totalPoints 142
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 36.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 28.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 78.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 2231
rank 20
totalPoints 133
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 25.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 30.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 78.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3211
rank 21
totalPoints 132
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 29.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 31.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 72.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4338
rank 22
totalPoints 124
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 44.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 38.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 42.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5554
rank 23
totalPoints 120
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 25.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 38.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 57.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4744
rank 24
totalPoints 118
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 33.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 34.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 51.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 2212
rank 25
totalPoints 118
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 28.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 21.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 69.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp true
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5135
rank 26
totalPoints 115
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 40.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 24.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 51.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5990
rank 27
totalPoints 111
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 16.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 56.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 39.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5951
rank 28
totalPoints 104
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 23.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 36.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 45.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4586
rank 29
totalPoints 100
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 45.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 28.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 27.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6740
rank 30
totalPoints 100
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 30.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 22.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 48.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3388
rank 31
totalPoints 94
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 28.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 36.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 30.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 2230
rank 32
totalPoints 90
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 23.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 49.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 18.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 8175
rank 33
totalPoints 89
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 36.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 15.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 33.0
teamAgePoints 5
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6104
rank 34
totalPoints 87
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 33.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 27.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 27.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 8223
rank 35
totalPoints 84
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 26.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 26.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 27.0
teamAgePoints 5
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1943
rank 36
totalPoints 81
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 16.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 44.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 21.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6168
rank 37
totalPoints 81
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 24.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 45.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 12.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5635
rank 38
totalPoints 79
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 21.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 40.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 18.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1580
rank 39
totalPoints 78
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 41.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 13.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 24.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 3083
rank 40
totalPoints 76
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 27.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 25.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 24.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp true
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5291
rank 41
totalPoints 49
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 25.0
event2Code ISDE2
event2Points 24.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1937
rank 42
totalPoints 46
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 32.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 14.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4416
rank 43
totalPoints 44
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 34.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 10.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1576
rank 44
totalPoints 42
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 7.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 35.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6738
rank 45
totalPoints 41
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 16.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 25.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6741
rank 46
totalPoints 39
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 18.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 21.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 7112
rank 47
totalPoints 39
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 16.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 23.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4320
rank 48
totalPoints 37
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 22.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 15.0
districtCmpCode ISCMP
districtCmpPoints 0.0
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1942
rank 49
totalPoints 32
event1Code ISDE3
event1Points 6.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 26.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 1954
rank 50
totalPoints 26
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 4.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 22.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 8843
rank 51
totalPoints 26
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 11.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 5.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 10
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 6230
rank 52
totalPoints 22
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 18.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 4.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 7177
rank 53
totalPoints 22
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 10.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 12.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4319
rank 54
totalPoints 17
event1Code ISDE1
event1Points 4.0
event2Code ISDE3
event2Points 13.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 5928
rank 55
totalPoints 13
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 6.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 7.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
districtCode ISR
teamNumber 4661
rank 56
totalPoints 12
event1Code ISDE2
event1Points 6.0
event2Code ISDE4
event2Points 6.0
districtCmpCode null
districtCmpPoints null
teamAgePoints 0
adjustmentPoints 0
qualifiedDistrictCmp false
qualifiedFirstCmp false
rankingCountTotal 56
rankingCountPage 56
pageCurrent 1
pageTotal 1